Now, the next step in purchase flow is generating a Purchase invoice against one or many purchase receipts

To make a payment for a purchase, we generate a Purchase Invoice where we list all the items received and the PRs received in,
then we make a payment and close the purchase.

Add a page "Purchase Invoice" under Accounts tab.
on this page, we show a log of all the PIs. add a "Generate Purchase Invoice" button that takes to create PI page.

On this create PI page, 
Add a choose Purchase Order section, just like the one on create Purchase receipt page.
Once we choose this, we get a menu of all the Purchase receipts linked to this PO. We also get a pick option to select multiple PRs
from these and press add button.
This shows the PRs with each of their attached Seller's Sales invoices, received items-qty, Reported issues and any partial payments made

A few fixes on generate purchase invoice page:
1) in received items table, show the item-price (fetch from the Purchase Order) and show qty x price next to it. 
    The item- price and quantity are autofilled but mutable
2) Show details of the reported issues as well
3) Now Generate Purchase Invoice -> Generates a purchase invoice for the selected PRs and is linked to the respective PO.
4) The entries on Purchase Invoice page are clickable taking to PI details page that shows all the details we filled along with who created the PI
, the date and time of creation.

---------------------------^^^^^^This above part has been implemented^^^--------------------------------------------------
----------------------------Please implement the below part now-----------------------------------------------------------
To adjust any issues with a purchase, we use a Debit Note. A debit note means we are reverse-charging the supplier for any goods
or amount.
For the possible material issues:
1) Item prices mismatch: If the item prices in Seller's sales invoice and Purchase Order mismatch, we issue a debit note for the 
difference in price settling the Account.
2) If item mismatches, that means that we order A and got B and got billed for B. For this, we mark the amount of A received as 0,
We issue a debit note for B settling the Account
3) If the quality of an item mismatches, we return the items x quantity of the item and issue a debit note of the same
4) If the quantity of an item mismatches, we issue a debit note for the missing quantity

In short, we issue a debit note to settle errors in purchase
We issue a unique identifier to a debit note and log these in a "Debit Notes" page under Accounts tab
Also if a debit note is issued against a Purchase, we link it with the PO, PR and PI (as applicable) and display them on their details page.

Where can we create a debit note:
1) On Purchase Invoice details Page, we get an option to "Issue debit Note"
2) On Accounts-> Debit Notes page, we get a button to "Create debit note"

Both of the options take us to create debit note page.
If navigated through a PI, we autofill the applicable fields. Else, On this page, we get an option to choose a PO, PR, PI. 
PO: Search box (single entry only)
PR: Search box (multiple selections allowed)
PI: Search box (multiple selections allowed)
(choose atleast one of the above to proceed)
-------If PO/PR/PI selected, show related details-------------
supplier section:
supplier: Search box (single selection only) (autofill from PO)
supplier basic details: (autofilled from chosen supplier)
Items Section:
show search items from PO             <Other button>
table columns: SKU, Item, Qty, Price (autofill from PO if an item is chosen from menu, if other button is pressed, add a row without autofill)
Next to each row, add checkboxes: Return Item

                                            Generate Debit Note button

This Generates a Debit Note and shows a preview of the same. 
If the Return Item checkbox is checked for an item, and the SKU and qty exists in stock, debit the stock for this item and qty and create a stock
entry against this Debit note.



